We just got dropped off
in the middle of an abandoned city.
And we're going to spend the next
seven days here.
And there goes our only way out.
We're now stranded
for the next seven days.
Why are we doing this?
For content.
This once beautiful city
was bombed an abandoned
because of war,
which means the only people here
are us and our cameraman.
At least that we know of.
So I guess we start off
by getting off the roof.
We knew that our first objective
was to explore this city
and find a safe place to call home
for the next seven days,
which starts
with exploring this building
All right, let's see what's down
the bottom of this building.
I assume under this wood is a floor.
Only one way to find out.
All right, this is crazy.
I feel like I'm
in a zombie apocalypse.
This is wild.
Oh, look at this.
After a little more exploring,
we stumbled upon an area
that might work for our shelter.
Oh, my Gosh.
I think this is where
we should set up camp.
You can see the entire city
over here.
Plus, we have a
roof to protect us from rain.
And now that we
had our home base decided,
the next step was to open up
the supplies crate left
by the helicopter on the roof.
Let's pop open this crate
so we can build camp.
We need some gear.
This crate contains
all of the survival gear
we'll need for the next seven days.
And so we don't have to carry stuff
all the way down the stairs.
We're just going to drop it.
Chandler.
We have a perfect assembly line.
Kris, it's raining
sleeping bags.
Chandler, there's our dinner plates.
Wait, Chandler don't let it fall.
Chandler.
Yeah!
That was the coolest thing we've ever done.
But jokes aside, it was time
to actually start surviving now.
Who wants fire
duty?
- We'll get it.
- We're on bed duty.
Kris got started on making a fire
with Mark.
I'm personally a fan of the log
cabin when it comes to fires.
Eagle Scout.
Did I mention that yet?
While Chandler and I look
for something for us to sleep on.
This is what mattresses
were like a hundred years ago?
Wait, you found a mattress?
- Yeah.
- Where?
On the second floor
in a corner.
- That's all you.
- Thanks.
You should wrap
that thing in a tarp
so you don't get destroyed by bugs.
I'm going to wrap
that mattress like a burrito.
And while Chandler took us chances
with a sketchy mattress,
The rest of us decided
to sleep on wooden doors.
There's no shot that you're
more comfortable than me right now.
My back already hurts.
There are so many buildings
we have yet to explore in the city.
Tomorrow's going to be insane.
We'll see you in the morning.
Even though our first day in
the city went pretty smooth.
Something eerie did happen to occur
later that night.
While we were sleeping,
Mark and some of the camera guys
woke up to the sound
of breaking glass
not far from the camp.
Which made us start to wonder
if we were really alone
inside the city.
What was it?
We just heard glass shattering there.
I thought I saw something.
But on top of the freaky noises,
this first shelter was way
too windy to sleep.
How'd you guys sleep?
Bad.
So in pursuit of better sleep,
we got up, got breakfast
and prepare to find our new shelter.
This is the first time
I've had chili for breakfast.
But I'm so hungry,
I kind of don't care.
Well, since the raft.
When have I ever been
this excited over canned chili?
I think my brain tried
to forget about that. Thanks.
So after a nutritious breakfast,
we took off our drone
to seek out a new shelter
in the unexplored buildings.
We haven't explored that building.
We haven't explored those hotels.
It is an actual city here.
However, upon
scanning the buildings,
we did stumble upon
an unexpected guest.
- There's a cat.
- There's a cat down there.
I'm going to land the drone
right beside the cat.
Look at that shot.
Kris, Kris, look,
it's sniffing the camera.
This cat has no survival instinct.
I promise we are not paying
this cat to be an actor.
As fun as playing with these cats
is, we need to focus on shelter
because it's
going to be freezing tonight.
And so we started our journey
to find a sufficient shelter
for the challenge.
Wait, what is this?
This is pretty.
It just has this type of
like aesthetic to it,
that is like beautiful
even though it's ugly.
Zombie apocalypse aesthetic.
Yeah. There you go.
Wait, is that a pool?
What the heck?
This is so eerie.
Back in the day,
this used to look something like this.
And after decades
of rotting from being abandoned,
this is what we're left with.
Wait, there's a soccer field?
The sports court.
Is that a soccer ball?
I almost died.
I bet this soccer ball
is older than me.
Older than all of us, for sure.
Well, besides, Mark,
he's old.
We have two options now.
We can keep exploring
down this cool looking tunnel
and go check
out the neighborhood.
Or with the hour of light we have left,
we can prep for nighttime
and not freeze all night.
- Not freeze.
- That sounds like a good idea.
I agree.
And after spending the entire day
looking for a new shelter,
I just can't get over
how massive the city is.
We finally found a place
fortified enough to call home.
So we don't freeze tonight.
We're thinking of setting up camp
in this room right here.
We'll have a fire pit right here.
We can tarp the wall right there.
It's going to be comfy.
Yeah, Mark's
going to do all that.
I said we.
The only hard part is,
come over here.
Our current camp and all our gear
is all the way over there.
I hope this place really works out
because it's going to be
a lot of effort to set up.
With the sun getting low and
the temperature rapidly dropping.
We made our way back
to the old camping spot
and packed up
to settle into the new base.
We're headed into the new campsite.
The new camp, the new camp.
The new camp.
Okay, we've got a lot of cleanup
to do to prep this for tonight.
This looks like a terrible place,
but whatever.
After finding
a more weatherproof base,
we spent the next few hours dragging
in as many of our belongings
as we could before sundown.
Now, because it got dark so fast,
we couldn't bring all of
our resources to the new base.
So aside from one water bag,
cans of chili and a couple of old
mattresses, this is all we had.
What does everyone
think of our new place?
I like that there's no wind.
And it's much warmer.
Chandler?
What?
It was now the third day
of seven doing this challenge.
And once we got up,
we continued exploring.
Be careful.
These stairs actually steep.
On this whole staircase,
three of the stairs are normal.
This beach is nice.
It actually smells like a beach.
It's because it is a beach.
But not too far in,
something strange happened.
I think I see someone.
What?
Don't you see that reflecting thing
over there under the stairs?
Oh, I do.
Jimmy, remember how we almost died
the first night from glass
bottle attack?
I wonder if that's
where the glass bottles came from.
It was at this moment
when we realized
we actually weren't alone
in this abandoned city after all.
And once our cameraman spotted
this mysterious person on our drone,
we did what anyone would do.
Let's go check it out.
Investigation.
That building is sick.
Why is this mansion beside
this giant motel?
Decades ago, this hotel stood
as a first class vacation resort.
But years of war
turn this once picturesque property
into a city of ruins.
Let's head on in.
What did we just get ourselves into?
We totally don't
wait for the cameraman
to walk in the room before we go in.
Anyways.
It's getting dark.
Everyone, stop.
Stop.
Candy.
We should go in there.
I'll go first.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
You think it's a Feastables bar?
What the heck?
This is starting to get very eerie,
and I think Mark should go first.
What?
Look at how deep this hallway is.
Also, if you fall over here,
you might die.
There's a very non-zero chance
somebody could be in here.
and like attack us.
If someone attacked us.
What are we doing?
Every man for himself.
Yeah, whoever's the slowest just dies.
What's that light?
Hello.
I'm creeped out now, guys.
We spent the rest of the day
searching for the lurk,
but once it started getting dark,
we can only hope that later
he wouldn't be looking for us.
And now that it's dark out,
here's what
we've actually been waiting for.
Give me Big Bertha.
Thank you.
Big Bertha.
Notice how you can't
see that building over there.
This is the world's
most powerful flashlight.
Now you can.
Bro, I bet the fish
in the ocean are tripping.
It stopped working.
How the mighty have fallen.
The pluses of our actions
is we got to play with the world's
strongest flashlight at night.
The negatives of our actions is that
we got to walk back in the dark.
That was bad timing.
It's way scarier going
through this place at night.
Yeah, a thousand percent.
It really
feels like the world is ending
and we're just like surviving.
So to avoid being murdered in cold blood,
we return back the camp.
We're back at camp.
Yeah. I'll get a fire going.
I'm hungry.
There's literally only chili left.
And so with the last of our supply
here, we're feasting.
Tomorrow, if we got
some tables and seven chairs.
- And more food.
- That'd be awesome.
But when we woke up on the morning
of day four out of seven,
we realized that we were already
running low on supplies.
Our bag of water is out of water.
Do we have more?
Point the camera at that roof,
all the way over there.
I wish I had more than a hundred
calories in my body to go get it.
Nose goes.
What does nose goes mean?
It sounds like you're going.
He's going to need help.
He can't carry it on his own.
So Mark and Chandler
set out to go all the way back
to ground Zero
to get more supplies from the crate.
Chandler and I,
we're on a side quest for water.
This is a main quest.
While they get the water,
we don't want to be useless.
We? I'm fine.
I don't want us to be useless.
So we're going to go
try to find a table and some chairs.
But we didn't get very far before
Kris got distracted,
Did we not know this was here?
Jimmy?
- Yeah?
- I found a bike.
That looks like a nice bike.
- Where'd you find that?
- In here.
This is the coolest abandoned city ever.
- Having fun?
- I am.
All right, I'm going to go
look for a table.
Okay, Let's go.
How are we going
to get the water out of this?
It's heavy.
The thought process is that
this is a house.
And what do people have
in their house?
Tables and chairs.
Exactly.
Wait, hold up.
Look at this.
Don't move.
Yes.
Jimmy, Jimmy.
it's a chair.
Mark's strong.
A little help here, Chan.
This bag of water is over a hundred pounds.
And so my buddy Mark,
being the science YouTuber that he is,
had an idea to get it down
from the roof more effectively.
But...
Our rope broke.
We need stronger rope.
What you're watching is real.
Mark literally deleted
half of our water.
We got some bad news.
Hurry up, hurry up.
The rope broke and
all the water splattered on the ground.
This was actually
a very serious problem.
Oh, no.
Are you kidding me?
Mark!
Sorry!
Don't worry, dude,
we got one bag of water left.
Carry this one down, please.
And now that half of our water
is actually gone.
The only possible way to complete
this seven day challenge would
unfortunately,
be to send two of us home.
So Kris and Chandler volunteered
to leave the city,
leaving Mark and I
with just enough resources
to make it the full seven days.
Genuinely,
I would be scared if we left Jimmy
with anybody other than you.
- I think you got it.
- Oh, you guys.
But before they left,
we wanted to have one final feast
with the whole gang.
Now that's a Feastables smores.
My hair.
Yummy.
Great melting point on the chocolate,
Jimmy, if I may.
If you've tried Feastables before,
the ones that used to look like this,
you haven't tried Feastables.
Our brand new formula tastes
so much better.
Genuinely go to Walmart, try Feastables
and tell me what you think.
It's honestly way better than the old
formula, but don't take my word for it.
I just worked at NASA, so.
Well, I just had s'mores
so I can go to the boat now?
And so we launched a flare
to signal the boat,
which was actually pretty cool.
Bro, look how cool that looks.
Wait, it's lighting up the entire city.
But the not cool part is now
that Kris and Chandler are gone,
it's just Mark
and I surviving in the city.
I feel so lonely.
It's our first day
without our friends.
But we're going to make
the best of the situation.
Our objective for today
is to renovate our shelter.
We're going to put up tarps
and windproof this room.
We're going to build
a fireplace in here and heat it up.
We're going to find shelves and tables.
We're going to make this place
looks like a home
With some of the ideas we have planned
I might stick around until day 14.
He's lying.
And so we started exploring
some nearby buildings
to find furnishing for our shelter,
which is when we found this
awesome shelf,
this little table, a massive carpet,
and also this metal thing
that was found by our camera guy.
Look at this chair.
That works still, man.
Bro. That's comf.
I found a fake TV.
We can make it
look like we have a TV now.
It's a good find.
Wow, that's just so cool,
this like courtyard with the arches.
Each building in this city
has its own personality.
What can we do with these?
We could use, like, a vent system
like this.
Combined with these,
we can make a fireplace.
Like actual wallpaper.
We have wallpaper.
What do we use it for?
To make the house a home,
Jimmy.
It's like we went grocery shopping,
but instead
we grabbed a bunch of 30-year-old garbage
Honey, we're home.
We found all this stuff.
Now we're going to start decorating.
We're no longer surviving,
Jimmy. We're thriving.
I like that.
We literally spent the next 4 hours
moving all the rubble
out of our shelter,
which made us pretty thirsty.
The water in these sacks
tastes like trash,
which is why we all
brought a Cirkul water bottle,
because you can put a flavor
cartridge in it
and make water taste good.
This is my first time
drinking a Cirkul bottle.
Delightful experience.
You can determine the intensity.
So if you're feeling really audacious,
you can have level nine flavor.
Or if you're just a wuss,
you can have a level one flavor.
I’m trying six.
Six. I'll match your six.
That tastes awesome.
Which flavor are you using?
I'm rocking fruit punch
because it's got energy.
And you know what we need right now,
Jimmy?
Energy.
- That's right
- Good thing Cirkul has our back.
And now that we had been hydrated,
it was time to start crushing
these renovations.
When everything's said and done,
this room will be the greatest room in
an abandoned city you've ever seen.
This is our new shelf.
All right, let's see how she looks.
See that?
See all that dust?
Oh, isn't that satisfying?
And now that the shelf is clean,
we can use it to store food.
For some reason, over half
the food we packed is chili.
And no one here likes chili.
That's the non chili row.
That's the chili row.
This is the Feastables row right there.
Now we have a table
to put our Cirkul water bottles.
Mark has a 22 ounce bottle.
This is the 32 ounce bottle.
And they have a metal double
insulated bottle
that you can get for free right now
if you buy ten flavor cartridges.
What a steal.
It's not a steal.
It's free.
All right.
That's going to block a lot of wind.
With our new door in place,
we also hung up this huge tarp,
which will allow us
to keep all the heat
from the fireplace inside our shelter.
Oxygen comes in,
fire burns, sends heat in the room,
send smoke out.
This is redneck
engineering at its finest.
Finally,
after being cold for so long.
- All right.
- Look at that.
And we have a fire.
I can feel the heat coming out.
Wait, Jimmy rigged this up
in like ruins from an abandoned city.
Anyway, go to DrinkCirkul.com/MrBeast...
Or scan the QR code on his face,
if you want to order a Cirkul right now.
This is the final room.
We have plenty in the corner.
We have our beds
that are now smaller.
Tell me this isn't genius.
This is Mark's iPad in the TV frame.
Obviously some nice lighting,
a furnace
that is heating up the room,
a real table with chairs
and a shelving unit
with the scraps of food we have left
and a dirty towel
we've been sharing.
This is survival.
But just as our night was going so
well for the fifth day in a row,
we heard a broken glass.
- Mark.
- I'm right here, dog.
What was that?
Man, we were having such a good day too.
I want to go see who's upstairs.
I'm carrying the knife as a threat,
but I'm not going to use it.
Hey, if you're up here,
just come out.
I want to be best friends with you.
Are you serious, you're not pranking me?
Bro, I swear to you it was not me.
Hello.
What is this?
Bro!
Oh, my God.
This is the most Mark Rober thing
I've ever seen.
What the heck? You swore!
Yeah, so turns out Mark was pranking us,
and he was the one dropping
these bottles the whole time.
I've got a remote control here.
But no one suspects it.
I can be in my sleeping bag
and I can start launching glass
bottles through the roof.
Freak everyone out.
Oh, my gosh.
I thought I could trust you.
Now that Mark's not pranking me,
we re-rigged his contraption.
Feastables me.
There you go.
I'll take one.
I got one as well.
That's kind of cool.
To be honest, it was pretty easy
to forgive Mark
because we only had one day left
in this challenge.
Good morning.
Good morning abandoned city.
Abandoned city, abandoned city.
It's so much colder out here
than it is in there.
Let's go back.
It's now the morning of day six.
All the modifications
we did were phenomenal
and it was at least ten degrees
warmer.
- That was amazing.
- Slept incredible.
Mark, on our last real day,
I say we go have some fun.
- Yeah!
Jimmy, is that a kayak?
I know what we should do with it.
Now someone can kayak in this pool.
Me and Mark really did have a lot of fun.
Played baseball, played soccer.
Mark even taught me how to skip
rocks scientifically.
There it is.
And even screaming at each other
from different sides of the city.
- Mark!
- What!
Let's throw things off the roof
at the same time!
Great idea!
To be honest,
doing all these kind of dumb things
really did take our minds off
of how lonely this city really was.
Yeah!
And by the time
the final day of this challenge arrived
after cleaning up camp,
we only had one objective in mind.
Leaving this
place and never coming back.
I’m here!
- I’m here!
- Freedom!
Huge shout out to Mark.
He didn't have to do this.
He has his own channel is very busy.
Here's the channel.
I appreciate you.
And let's get out of here.
Let's go.
By the way,
I'm giving away $10,000 a day
for the next 20 days to people who
buy Feastables.
Go buy the new formula, it tastes amazing.